samples: lwm2m_client: config changes (#7970)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Default configuration conforms to the LwM2M specification v1.0 instead of v1.1.
      For enabling v1.1 there is already an overlay file.

>     * Bootstrap is no more TLV only. With v1.1 preferred content format is send in the bootstrap request.
>       SenML CBOR takes precedence over SenML JSON and OMA TLV, when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Bootstrap is no more TLV only. With v1.1 preferred content format is sent in the bootstrap request.
      SenML CBOR takes precedence over SenML JSON and OMA TLV, when enabled.
```

>     * Bootstrap is no more TLV only. With v1.1 preferred content format is sent in the bootstrap request.
>       SenML CBOR takes precedence over SenML JSON and OMA TLV, when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Bootstrap is not TLV only anymore. 
      With v1.1, preferred content format is sent in the bootstrap request.
      SenML CBOR takes precedence over SenML JSON and OMA TLV, when enabled.
```

  * Added:

    * CoAP max message size is set to 1280 by default.

>     * Number of SenML CBOR records is set to higher to cope with data exchange after registration with Coiote server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Number of SenML CBOR records is set to a higher value to cope with data exchange after registration with Coiote server.
```
